Create sourcegraph for non-devs post (#5135)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/sourcegraph-non-devs.md

</p>

**Impact:** I didn’t need to ask a teammate or pull the repo(s) and search it locally. The latter means I also didn’t have to clutter my desktop with yet another open application window.

**Time Saved:** 10 minutes (20 if we had multiple repos) and I didn’t need another open desktop application.

**Follow-up situation:** We can quickly see the names of all of our view analytics events and be able to go to what page they’re triggered on with [this search](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+logViewEvent%28%27...%27%29+count:all&patternType=structural). (Bonus: with the [Open-in-Figma extension](https://sourcegraph.com/extensions/Joelkw/open-in-figma) I can then 1-click open a mockup of the page to get an immediate understanding of “what page fires this event” without reading the code to figure out what page it renders.)

<p style={{ width: '100%' }}>
    <iframe src="https://sourcegraph.com/embed/notebooks/Tm90ZWJvb2s6MTc4?theme=light" frameBorder="0" sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups" style={{ width: '100%', height: '300px' }}></iframe>
</p>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### How big a problem are unversioned docs links, and how do I stop people from using them? 

We built a system to version our docs links, but it turns out many people weren't aware of it and were using literal links to docs. (This is bad because it might take someone from an older version to the latest content, which may not be relevant to their version.) 
 
 **Search:** First I ran [this search](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+docs.sourcegraph.com+file:client/web/src/enterprise+r:github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24%403.36&patternType=standard) and found dozens of unversioned docs links. 
 
 <p style={{ width: '100%' }}>
    <iframe src="https://sourcegraph.com/embed/notebooks/ Tm90ZWJvb2s6MTU0Nw==?theme=light" frameBorder="0" sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups" style={{ width: '100%', height: '300px' }}></iframe>
</p>

Then, I: 

1. Created a [code monitor](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_monitoring) to send off a slack message to our frontend channel whenever someone added another unversioned (bad) link, which looked like this: 

![Code Monitor Docs Alert](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/monitor_alert.png) 

2. Migrated a bunch of links to the correct format, tracked them with `to="\/help file:client/web/src/enterprise`, and created a [code insight](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_insights) to monitor that migration and ensure it never became a problem again, which looked like this: 

![Code Insights Docs Migration](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/Insights_docs_migration.png)

**Impact:** Users don't get lost or confused by landing on the wrong version of a docs page. 

**Time Saved:** 10 minutes I would have spent manually pulling and checking the codebase the first time, plus the many days saved over preventing regression with more difficult or manual automation compared to code monitors and insights.

```

</p>

**Impact:** I was able to produce more unified product messaging.

**Time Saved:** I saved 10 minutes I would have spent clicking through the product and avoided causing errors I would have otherwise needed to cause so I could find live examples.

### Situation: Determine the different [blank]@sourcegraph emails we direct users to across our entire user-facing codebase

I needed to add a contact email to some new documentation, but wasn’t sure what email addresses we’d already set up and which would be the best to reuse.

**Search:** [This search](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+r:sourcegraph/+mailto:...%40sourcegraph.com+-file:test+count:all&patternType=structural) showed me what email addresses were already in use.

<p style={{ width: '100%' }}>
    <iframe src="https://sourcegraph.com/embed/notebooks/Tm90ZWJvb2s6MTgy?theme=light" frameBorder="0" sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups" style={{ width: '100%', height: '300px' }}></iframe>
</p>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In fact, I can also make a code insight that will automatically pull all email variations into a usage graph and show me trends over time for the pattern `mailto:(\w+@sourcegraph.com)` by email handle: 

![Email Insight](https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/insight_email_usage.png) 

```

> **Impact:** We learned we have a “feedback@sourcegraph” email that was better than the “support@” email I was about to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Impact:** We learned we have a “support@sourcegraph” email that was better than the “feedback@” email I was about to use.
```

> **Time Saved:** We saved hours or even days. The alternative solution would have involved searching every single repository or asking every long-tenured teammate to list what emails they recall seeing used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Time Saved:** We saved hours to days of waiting for an answer. The alternative solution would have involved searching every single repository or asking every long-tenured teammate to list what emails they know are used.
```
